Where is my father-in-law going?
Back to the empress
The slave is going to the Imperial Hospital to get medicine for the Emperor
It's a godsend.
Father-in-law, are you used to being around the emperor?
This kind of thing should be left to this palace to do, hey, hey.
We slaves do this kind of errand
How dare I bother you
Now there is such a good opportunity
Let Ben Gong do it
Just do your part for the emperor's dragon body
Then thank you for your hard work.
Why did you get the medicine back so soon?
Hey, I just met the hippie empress
I have to make a trip to the Imperial Hospital for the Emperor himself
The old slave abused him
Let the empress go
Then let him go.
The medicine has been replaced by me.
Seven days later, he was poisoned to death.
I have already used the excuse of the whole night border army
Mobilize people around the capital
As long as the pestle dies
I can take over the capital immediately
Then I will be the emperor
You are the queen
I'm afraid our emperor has never dreamt of it
His own brother and wife
Let's join hands against him
Hahahaha